Add `voyager` module (#323)
filecoin-station/core: README.md

  `0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dEaD`. Please note that any earnings
  sent there will be lost.

> - `MODULE_FILTER` _(string; optional)_: Filter Zinnia modules by name. Eg:
>   - `spark`
>   - `voyager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MODULE_FILTER` _(string; optional)_: Run only the Zinnia module with the given name. Eg:
  - `MODULE_FILTER=spark`
  - `MODULE_FILTER=voyager`
```
